README.md, before:

# Sia Atomic Swap with Adaptor Signatures Feasibility Study

This is the delivery of the grant proposal found [here](https://forum.sia.tech/t/grant-proposal-sia-atomic-swap-with-adaptor-signatures-feasibility-study/341/18).

A presentation was made to summarize the efforts. A video of this presentation can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lJf6rzB3nXXOo-8F4nUtotiJxp3Z5C_s/view).

There are three proposed options for the outcome of this grant, one included in the adaptor_sig_protocol directory and two included in the hltc_emulator_protocol directory.

## adaptor_sig_protocol 

This proposal details a SIA<->BTC atomic swap protocol using adaptor signatures. This is intended to fulfill the original stated scope of the grant.

A Proof of Concept program demonstrating the relevant crytographic concepts is included in this directory.

## hltc_emulator_protocol

These two proposals are the result of the expanded scope detailed in the comments of the grant proposal thread.

It should be noted that the scope of the grant was not expanded until nearly 3 weeks into the 4 week delivery period.

Commit message:

add estimate pdf to README

README.md, after:

# Sia Atomic Swap with Adaptor Signatures Feasibility Study

This is the delivery of the grant proposal found [here](https://forum.sia.tech/t/grant-proposal-sia-atomic-swap-with-adaptor-signatures-feasibility-study/341/18).

The final dev resource and cost estimates can be found in the file, SiaEstimateReport.pdf .

A presentation was made to summarize the efforts. A video of this presentation can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lJf6rzB3nXXOo-8F4nUtotiJxp3Z5C_s/view). We recommend watching this video as the first introduction to this project. 

There are three proposed options for the outcome of this grant, one included in the adaptor_sig_protocol directory and two included in the hltc_emulator_protocol directory.

## adaptor_sig_protocol 

This proposal details a SIA<->BTC atomic swap protocol using adaptor signatures. This is intended to fulfill the original stated scope of the grant.

A Proof of Concept program demonstrating the relevant crytographic concepts is included in this directory.

## hltc_emulator_protocol

These two proposals are the result of the expanded scope detailed in the comments of the grant proposal thread.

It should be noted that the scope of the grant was not expanded until nearly 3 weeks into the 4 week delivery period.
